Docs/adding first contrib (#3188)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/license-contributing/first-contributors-guide.md

4. If you have updated module code or rules, also update the `CHANGELOG.md`.
    - Note: You don't need to update the `CHANGELOG.md` for changes to unit tests or documentation.

5. Build your changes locally before pushing them. This ensures that they work as expected.

6. Create a Pull Request (PR):
    - Once you are ready for your changes to be reviewed, create a PR to merge changes into the PSRule `main` branch.
    - If your changes are not ready for review, create a draft pull request instead.

7. The Continuous Integration (CI) process will automatically build your changes. Ensure that your changes build successfully to be merged.
    - If there are build errors, push new commits to your branch to fix them.

8. Avoid using forced pushes or squashing changes while your PR is under review, as this makes it harder to review your changes.

## 5. **Building and Testing Your Changes**

Before opening a pull request, it’s important to build and test your changes locally. PSRule for Azure uses Continuous Integration (CI) pipelines to test changes across MacOS, Linux, and Windows configurations.

1. Build and Test Locally:

>     - Ensure that you can build your changes locally. Follow the instructions in the [Building from Source](https://github.com/Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure/blob/main/docs/install.md#building-from-source) guide to set up your local environment for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Ensure that you can build your changes locally. Follow the instructions in the [Building from Source](https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/install/#building-from-source) guide to set up your local environment for testing.
```

2. Run All Tests:
    - Before creating your PR, run the tests to make sure your changes are working as expected:
      
       ```
       Invoke-Pester -Script .\tests
       ```

> 

Reviewer: I think we are provide an example of a unit test for a rule here. Example is: https://github.com/Azure/psrule.rules.azure/blob/main/tests/PSRule.Rules.Azure.Tests/Azure.ACR.Tests.ps1#L40-L56
